Before, we had the written Watchtower,
but I couldn’t understand it.
At the meeting,
I couldn’t really grasp everything either,
so I didn’t feel confident
to raise my hand and comment.
I tried to study the magazine,
but I couldn’t understand it,
and neither could the other deaf brothers.
At the meetings, it was frustrating
not being able to understand.
From the very beginning,
we saw Jehovah’s hand in matters.
In 1996, we went from being a small group
to a congregation,
and then more groups were formed
in different parts of the country.
And later, even assemblies
were interpreted in Peruvian Sign Language.
However, we realized
that our deaf brothers and sisters
couldn’t progress any further,
and this was because they didn’t have
an official translation
of the Watchtower  magazine
in their own language.
The deaf wanted
to participate in the meetings,
but they always had to rely on us
to understand the publications.
It was just so frustrating for them.
A lot of them didn’t even want
a copy of the publication
because they felt powerless to understand it.
For many years, the deaf brothers begged:
“Please, we want The Watchtower.
We need to prepare in our own language!”
We even received videos
from different parts of the country saying,
“Ask the Branch Committee, the Governing Body
—we need The Watchtower, please!”
When the letter arrived saying,
“Yes, you can translate The Watchtower,”
we were jumping with joy!
We wanted to shout out loud and tell them,
“Brothers, here is your Watchtower!”
But we had to control ourselves and wait
for the moment of the official announcement
when Jehovah would say,
‘Here is your gift, The Watchtower!’
When they made the announcement
about the new Watchtower  in sign language,
the brothers were jumping out of their seats!
The whole place was just electrified!
Everyone was cheering!
The Watchtower in Peruvian Sign Language?
Wow!
I was so happy that I started to cry.
There are many benefits to having
The Watchtower  in Peruvian Sign Language.
The brothers can download it from the website
two months ahead of time
and prepare without stress.
Another excellent benefit is that now
the elders who are deaf
can study and understand the Watchtower
and prepare it
in order to conduct at the meeting
because it’s in their own language.
Now, not only can
our deaf brothers and sisters
receive their own spiritual food
directly from the official translation
of the Watchtower  magazine,
but even better,
they receive the spiritual food
at the same time as any other language group
in the world.
When I view The Watchtower,
I can understand everything!
My heart is overflowing with happiness.
I’m so thankful to Jehovah for this support.
What I’m learning now
is helping me to progress spiritually.
I am very happy that now
I can deepen my friendship with Jehovah!
Now that we have The Watchtower
in Peruvian Sign Language,
I’m so excited and it touches my heart.
It’s the best feeling in the world
that all my deaf brothers and sisters
can understand just like I can.
The spiritual light is progressively getting
“brighter and brighter” for us.
It’s obvious that Jehovah’s spirit
is guiding the work.
At last, this light is reaching our hearts.
Now all  the deaf in Peru
are benefiting from this blessing.
We are so, so thankful to you, Jehovah!